#139 Removed archive extension in the BucketPath.as_udf_path (#140)
exasol/bucketfs-python: doc/changes/changes_0.11.0.md

# 0.11.0 - 2024-05-23

## Internal
- Updated lockfile
- Update workflows to align with used exasol-toolbox version (0.12.0)

## Bug Fixes

> - BucketPath.as_udf_path should remove an archive extension if the path is of an archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #139: Removed archive extension suffix if the path is of an archive in `BucketPath.as_udf_path`
```
